Save him.
Do what you have to do
as a doctor.
If we have to kill him...
I’ll do my job and kill him.
Don’t save him!
Please just let him die! Please!
Shut her up! Kill her!
He’s in shock due to excessive bleeding.
We have to move him inside.
It’s your call.
You can put your gun down and move him inside
or just let him die here.
I recommend choosing the latter.
Hold tight!
It hurts like hell!
Did you give me any painkillers?
I forgot.
Because I’m not a skilled doctor.
This is Wild Wolf.
Big Boss, Big Boss.
Can you hear me?
Big boss, please answer me.
I think the Korean Army is coming.
Should we gather our side?
If the Korean Army's here,
then we should retreat.
But...
They are not for your guys.
Then we should head back.
You can’t take her.
I removed the bullet
but you’d better get to the hospital first.
What I have done can only make sure that
you won’t die right away.
Patima, when I see you again,
I promise that you will die with that lovely face.
If you’re going to leave,
run as fast as you can
and as far away as you can.
My kindness is up to here.
Did Argus leave the army?
Yes, he’s an arms dealer now.
I bumped into him downtown once.
If we want to get a job
using our special abilities,
it’s either as a mercenary or a criminal.
It’s common for former special forces
who left the brigade to follow money.
Measles and cholera
usually follow natural disasters
and that’s what really happened.
Wow, we saved a world leader, went through an earthquake
and now an epidemic?
That’s why I suggested to run as soon as we got here...
Let’s go.
-Bye.
-This way.
Good boy!
His fever’s down,
but he’s not out of the woods yet.
Some are showing symptoms of pneumonia.
They’re not serious  though.
We can treat measles.
It’s not so terrible.
Go get changed.
Wash the blood off your hands as well.
What’s with the blood?
Save him.
Do what you have to do
as a doctor.
If we have to kill him,
I’ll do my job and kill him.
You know you’re with a dangerous man.
There’s more chance of getting hurt
being around a guy with a gun.
Dr. Kang! Dr. Kang!
That girl who you brought in
said that she’s leaving right now. What should we do?
Eat first. Let’s talk after.
Why did you save him?
You should have just let him die.
You could have been a murderer
If I just let him die.
I saved you from it.
You stopped me from becoming a murderer,
but you can’t stop me from getting killed.
There is an army out there,
so you’ll never get killed.
Army? You want me to trust soldiers?
Have you experienced a war?
Have you seen a soldier in a war?
I didn’t think so.
So get out of my way,
because I’m leaving.
What are you doing?
You can blame me all you want,
but eat first.
And pull yourself together
if you want to run away.
So, keep going.
That’s why we ran.
And when we got there,
half of the power plants were buried underground.
The ground kept cracking everywhere.
A dump truck was crumpled like a beer can.
Patients kept coming in.
Mines were going off everywhere.
It was totally chaos.
What about those who stay there?
Why do they stay if it’s so dangerous?
Honestly speaking, everyone wants to come back,
but there are still patients who need help,
and we are short on doctors.
Staying there a few more days
doesn’t seem like much.
But we felt bad
leaving them behind.
I’m sorry to interrupt you,
but why didn’t Chi Hoon come back?
His name was on the passenger list.
But why wasn’t he on the plane?
Well...
Just before we left,
we had a patient who urgently needed to come back to Korea.
So he gave up his seat.
Oh! Lee Chi Hoon, he’s a real doctor now!
Was it really because of a patient?
He’s not having an affair there or something?
How come he’s not calling me?
Please think about it.
Was there anything suspicious about him?
Come to think of it, he was acting weird.
Not only was he faking illness,
but he seemed to be running away from something.
Who?
That jerk who took Dr. Lee’s seat.
He threw a fit to get a ticket,
but didn’t get on the plane.
They couldn’t find him anywhere,
so they left without him.
Unbelievable!
Then did he get on the plane?
Who?
My soul.
I do like Dr. Song’s witty comments.
He’s such a funny guy.
Ms. Choi.
Yes?
Me too.
Measles are spreading
throughout the refugee camps.
The UN has issued a warning for measles.
I heard it from headquarters.
We have enough MMR vaccines.
Don’t worry.
There are still a dozen children in the village.
Don’t you think I should come along?
Are you really this thick?
Sergeant Seo is in charge of security tomorrow.
This is official, yet private.
Can you, a civilian, stay out of it please?
Unbelievable! How craft you are!
Do you leave early in the morning?
Why are you being nice to me?
I still have a bone to pick with you.
I guess I’m a bigger person than you are.
Be careful.
I can’t pull this sister-in-law card anymore.
Wow, it’s a beautiful day!
Though I like this guy sitting next to me more than that.
Why are you so happy
to carry out a mission with a soldier?
Because I have such high standards.
Are you sure they're high standards?
Don't you look at yourself in the mirror every morning?
If you don't, let me see your face every morning then.
Your incredibly handsome face.
Haven't you ever thought about
doing something else
for a living other than being a soldier?
Are you asking about me?
I'm asking about me.
What do you mean?
This is a dangerous mission
and there are many long gaps of time
when we're apart.
Are you saying these things out of consideration for me?
Because I’m so concerned.
I'm concerned about us.
I feel like I should be
touched by that statement.
but forget it.
I like Sergeant Seo Dae Young the way he is.
The Seo Dae Young I know
is either wearing an army uniform
or wearing nothing.
It's definitely one of those.
Unless I ask you to take it off,
don't you dare take your uniform off
and quit the army.
There seems to be nobody here.
This village is empty.
You know who this guy is.
Former US Army Major Argus.
He's currently an arms dealer.
I heard that
he was part of the operation
that we lost Captain Kim Jin Seok.
Yes, sir.
The CIA has asked us
for our cooperation
through the UN Chief
of the General Staff.
Is this a joint operation to sweep up the illegal arms trade?
No.
This mission isn't about justice. It's about politics.
The number two person in North Uruk
is Colonel Aman.
The United States wants him to start a coup
and establish a pro-America
government in North Uruk.
So they want to provide Aman
a great number of weapons through Argus.
Members of the delta team in US have already taken action.
And I think you know him well.
So until the operation is over,
or in other words, Argus is useful to us,
We don't want any troubles.
This is what they asked for.
We won't strike them first.
but it's our job
to maintain the public security.
Yoo Shi Jin!
Yes, sir!
The commander is giving a direct order
to a mere field commanding officer.
I'm not reporting on the situation here.
I flew here
to stop you from
doing anything unnecessary
and I'm flying back home in 10 minutes.
What I'm saying is I did what I could do.
That's an order.
From this moment on, we're not going to interfere with this.
Yes, sir!
And they said that
those kids from the ghost village
were moved to an orphanage in the city.
But something smells fishy.
Sir.
As of now,
we're taking our hands off of anything that involves Argus.
I went back from headquarters.
What I'm going to tell you from this moment on
is strictly confidential.
I thought you might need something sweet.
This is my last one,
but I'm giving it to you.
Thank you.
We can share.
Too many calories.
Drink it. Think of it as a tonic.
What happened to the kids back in the ghost village?
I haven't seen Lieutenant Yoon yet.
It's all taken care of.
The Uruk government will move them to a safe place
and protect them.
That's nice.
The children we brought to the medical zone
seem to be recovering well since we started treatment right away.
That's why you were so busy.
Busy enough that you had no time to tie your hair back.
Hold this for a second.
You usually do something weird
whenever you ask me to hold something.
No! You can't! I haven't washed my hair today.
Why? You didn't have mineral water?
Why are you pretending that
you wash your hair that often?
That's not true.
When am I going to meet the real Dr. Kang?
I can do it myself.
When you're in a relationship,
your boyfriend usually does things that you can do yourself.
I'll do the same for you later.
I'll do things for you
that you can do yourself.
Make sure to keep that promise.
This is No.B housemaster.
The medicine and personal packages from Korea are coming.
Oh! Packages! Packages!
Are you ditching me for packages?
Packages or me?
- Of course I'd choose you.
These are from Dr. Pyo.
I know I can count on her.
The smell of Korea.
The smell of a box from Korea.
I'll deliver this one to him.
His sister is so sweet.
Is there anything for you?
Mind your own business.
Why are you asking about mine?
Surprisingly, something came for you.
Who sent it to you?
I did.
These are for you.
Size 240 mm, right?
Dr. Song.
Don't thank me.
I'm a size 230 mm.
Never mind! No one will notice.
I will.
Sergeant Seo, you have a package
from Shin Ji Yeong.
Where are you right now?
I’m at camp restaurant, should I wait for you?
Run fast.
Yes, sir.
You startled me!
I must find out what's in here.
"Dae Young, hang in there. Heart."
"I miss you, Dae Young. Heart."
Hey.
Does Sergeant Seo have a sister?
He's the only child!
That's probably not my fault.
Can you do that?
Would you look at this?
What is it? Why is Yoo Shi Jin here?
"The day I met Shi Jin."
"I'm sending our memories."
How dare they!
Lieutenant Yoon, get me a gun.
It's not what you think.
It's not what you think at all.
It's not what we think?
You two look so chummy with these girls. But it isn't what it looks like?
I see your brightest smile
in this picture.
I'm not smiling.
It looks like I'm smiling,
but I'm not.
Am I right?
She's my cousin.
You know that
my cousin is a flight attendant.
Right.
Your cousin sent you a package
and you two came here together.
Because they all had fun together.
Which of the two is your cousin?
Huh?
Answer me at the same time.
Sergeant Seo, left or right?
One, two, three!
- Right.
- Left.
I tried to set someone up with Captain Yoo.
Nothing more, nothing less.
Are you ditching your fellow soldier?
Yes, sir!
I guess you've been in contact with her since you came to Uruk.
She knows your address here.
Haven’t you?
Why did you do that, Sergeant Seo?
I don't understand this guy.
I just taught him
a very important lesson.
Didn't I do a good job?
That's enough.
Come with me.
Yes. Lead the way.
Where are you going?
I thought she meant me.
I'm so used to following orders.
Why don't you go?
I want to be with my fellow soldier.
Sir!
I hope you don't get the wrong idea.
It is a thing of the past.
Do not be ridiculous.
Did this come from the past?
It came from Seoul.
I was right, wasn't I? I knew it was a blind date.
He’s the son of Corporal Park of bravo team.
It was the day at Corporal Park's son's first birthday party.
The night
they suddenly disappeared.
They said that one of their high school friend’s father passed away.
They didn't go to the same high school,
so it didn't make sense.
They couldn't even fool us.
They were dressed
quite nicely on that day.
I thought they were hosting the first birthday party.
Is this why you've been avoiding me?
I thought my father
was the obstacle between us.
Your father was the obstacle.
What did you just say?
What did I just say?
Enough. How far did you two go?
To the Konkuk University Station.
That is not what I'm asking.
How far did you go with her?
Did you share physical contact with her?
No, I did not.
It was very innocent.
We just
had coffee together.
What a gentleman!
I am flattered.
You had tea with a girl
once in a while.
When we were apart,
you looked so heartbroken
and pathetic
I felt bad.
I didn't know you would get over it so quickly.
I had a hard time.
Besides, I followed
Sergeant Seo out of friendship.
I was forced to.
Out of friendship, my butt.
You looked so happy
that you didn't know
what to do with yourself rather than not knowing what to do.
I think you got the wrong idea because you only got a glance.
I had no facial expression at all.
I drank tea with this face.
How do I know
you didn't take them
for a drive as well as a cup of tea?
I did not take them for a drive.
You are at risk of making things worse
if you are lying to me.
We took them for a drive.
It was not my car. It was Captain Yoo's.
I really do not understand why he even drove his car.
Do you expect me to believe that?
I want you to forget it.
I do not even remember their names.
Right. You don't even remember their names
but you kept running out of breath
when you heard the name Shin Ji Yeong.
It was not me.
Geeze. This is so frustrating!
This person saved you.
Who is that? It that a guy?
Do you really think you can ask me that at the moment?
Does it matter if it's a girl or a guy?
If it's a girl, I'll buy her dinner.
If it's a guy, I'll buy him a drink.
I'm so thankful.
It's Mr. Han from my hospital! What?
Hello!
shouldn't you call me back
and thank me
or something?
I'm sorry. I've been so busy that I haven't even opened it.
What do you mean, busy?
Because you're too busy dating?
How did you know?
Because I heard it from someone.
I heard you two argued today.
How did you know that?
I guess you're really dating him.
It’s true that you are fall in love.
You...are so hateful.
Hold on. Dr. Jang wants to talk to you.
Mo Yeon, it's me, Dr. Jang.
Is everyone lying to me that
Chi Hoon's alive even though he's dead?
What do you mean?
You haven't talked to him yet?
Yes.
Is he going to divorce
his pregnant fiancée?
What a jerk!
Hang in there. He's probably making rounds now.
It's a painkiller. It'll sting a little.
Forget it.
Why don't you leave?
Not seeing your face
is enough of a painkiller.
Don't touch me.
How do I know that you won't hurt me?
If you were me, would you let the person as you treat you?
It probably bugs you
that I'm still alive.
Didn't you hear what I said?
I said go! I won't get the painkiller.
Please save me.
Please... get me out of here.
I was too scared to do so.
I understand how you feel.
I wasn't a doctor in that moment.
I'm sorry
that I ran away by myself.
You're so selfish.
You're saying these things
so you can get the guilt off your chest. Is that right?
If that were true,
I would have done so earlier.
I just... don't know what to do.
Please let me know.
I'll do whatever you ask me.
No matter how much I think about it,
I have no one else to talk to...
except you.
It doesn't matter. Don't expect anything from me.
You didn't hold my hand.
You didn't save me!
Don't try to reach out to me.
I'm not going to take your hand.
I'm going to tell Dr. Song.
So make sure you get this shot. You're very sick.
Hello, Lee Chi Hoon, where are you?
Why are you not in medical zone?
While I’m talking,
you're very sick.
When did you get here?
Are you here alone?
Why are you walking around by yourself?
It's dangerous.
Why are you so sick?
Where the heck is that idiot hiding?
Ms. Ha, Dr. Song, Dr. Kang.
This is pharmaceutical warehouse. Please come here quickly.
Geeze.
The lock's broken. What's missing?
Narcotic analgesics. They're all gone.
Codein, morphine, fentanyl,
levorphanol. Everything.
When was the last time you checked it?
11:00 a.m.
There were no strangers and no missing patients.
What happened?
There are no missing patients,
but there's a missing girl.
This is the medical zone.
Has anyone seen Fatima today?
Tommy? It's me.
I stole the pills that you told me to.
Where should I bring them?
Okay. Miss you a lot.
We should run away after selling this.
I love you, Tommy.
There's no reason why
Fatima would be here.
I can gather intelligence here.
How is everything?
Looks like you need something more than my welcome.
What do you need?
Information.
A 15-year-old girl in a red dress.
She's selling narcotics.
I kept telling you that
we sell everything here
but women and information.
You don't have to,
but there must be
someone else who could.
Hey. Please help us. She's only 15 years old.
We need to find her
before someone else does.
Where's a black market that you can get narcotics?
It should be around here.
How can we find her here?
Do we have to search
every nook and cranny?
Over there!
Son of a bitch! Were you lying to me the whole time?
No! Fatima, no! You trusted me too much.
Follow me before I beat you harder.
Bitch! Do you want to die?
Stop it! Don't hit her!
Isn't he a soldier? Why is he here?
Don't worry. We've got more weapons than him.
I don't know who you guys are looking for.
I hope it's not us.
Guns again?
Why does everyone
have a gun in this country?
Because you don't consult me
before you act.
If we were any later,
Fatima could have been beaten up worse.
Good job. We're about to be shot,
but Fatima is safe.
What the hell are they talking about?
Who cares?
Put your gun down
if you don't want to die.
What should we do?
I'm not all out of ideas.
Seven guns.
You take the right,
and I'll take the left.
Damn it.
Don't be scared!
Okay.
Let's make a deal.
I'll drop my weapon. Let the girls go.
What the hell are you talking about?
You'll put your gun down, and girls, get on your knees now.
I thought he'd go for it.
Are you kidding me?
Okay, I'm done joking around.
Listen to me carefully.
If I say "now," run as fast as you can
and wait for me
in the front with the car.
I just need five minutes.
If I don't come out after the five minute mark,
go without me.
That is how you can help me.
You understand, don't you?
What does that bastard keep saying?
Shut up and drop your weapon!
Okay.
I will. I'll put it down.
Right here?
Is this spot okay with you?
You know what? I can't use this gun.
If I use this gun,
I need to write a report.
So...
Let me use yours.
Now!
It's been over five minutes. Why hasn’t he come?
Geeze! I don't care.
Get on the car!
Fatima! Come on! Quick!
Wow! This is crazy!
No one's following us, right?
We did it! How exciting!
Is this why you became a soldier?
I defeated the bad guys!
You know you almost defeated me, right?
I knew you'd get out of the way.
I took that into consideration as well.
How did she attend medical school
with a brain like that?
What's wrong with the car?
Why wouldn't you know?
Given the way you were driving,
this is the third car
That you’ve  destroyed.
You need to leave the army.
I want you to learn the business
in the company my family owns.
Think about it
until you finish your mission here
and make a decision
before you return to Korea.
You're so stubborn.
I thought I told you to stay in the safe zone
because it was too dangerous.
The safe zone is boring.
Take two steps to the left
and face me.
How dare you
ignore an order
from your superior?
Look at me.
One step forward.
What do you think you're doing?
I'm not trying to make up.
I'm making physical contact.
The boys are watching.
There aren't any boys here.
Do you realize this is abuse?
Why?
Is it considered abuse
because I'm not a flight attendant?
Because it's coming from Lieutenant Yoon Myung Joo.
The boys are watching.
I can beat them all.
This is Big Boss.
We’re now at downtown,
Which is 15km far away from military camp.
Our car was broken.
Please contact me when is close.
I have to get this.
I can't beat this guy.
He doesn't ever help.
This is Wild Wolf.
We're getting rid of land mines near the ghost village.
What happened?
Why are you always stranded on the road?
Why?
Can you send someone over?
Got it. I will send Corporal Gong.
How did she know
and why did she only take narcotic analgesics?
I guess she learned what can get her more money than others.
Disinfectant, antibiotics,
and vaccines which can save people's lives,
are usually cheap.
It would have been better if she learned about those first.
What can I say in English
to make her realize what she has done  wrong?
I guess she already does.
From now on, you do whatever I say.
You have no choice.
Go back to school first.
It’s none of your business.
Why?
I saved your life.
And don't talk back. If you talk back,
I have to keep talking
in my broken English!
I don't like repeating myself, okay? In any case...
I'll pay for your tuition, so finish school first.
Of course it's not free.
I'm just lending it to you, so pay back later.
Okay?
Do you think
she understood everything I said?
Especially the part that it isn't free.
I think she heard that clear.
I particularly stressed that part.
I made a promise.
Phew! I didn't wash it.
What are you doing?
I'm drying my hair.
This fan works the best.
You finally washed your hair.
Did you really wash it?
Did you have enough water?
Go to bed..
Wouldn't it be a waste
to spend tonight on sleep?
Want a bowl of ramen?
What's this?
What's with this R-rated line?
I'm genuinely trying to entice you here.
Hum.
Deal!
Sir!
The water's already boiling.
Two steaming bowls of ramen.
Yes, sir!
What about the car? Can it be fixed?
We don't know yet.
You broke Daniel's car
and this one today.
And her tuition?
Are you really going
to support her tuition?
Why?
I guess you make a lot of money.
Lending a hand in someone's life
is a huge responsibility.
I just do what I can
within my power.
Even if it messes everything up.
You know who said that, right?
See? I can easily forget things.
You can't help everyone you meet here.
That's not going to change the world.
I know I can't change the world.
But Fatima's life may change.
That means Fatima's world
will change.
That's enough then.
You told me you're not
that kind of doctor.
You told me that I was
How can you be so charming so often these days?
I've already fallen for you.
I have lots of debt.
If you have lots of debt, it's easy to get dumped.
Thank you for saving my life today.
Two steaming bowls of ramen.
-Coming up! -Thank you.
Thank you.
Ah, why now of all times?
What’s the matter? Do you have a lantern?
The noodles will get soggy.
Should we eat like soldiers out in the field?
Wow! I can see it now.
I can do fun things because my boyfriend's a special forces officer.
I think you're soldier material.
Why don't you just
join the army?
What else can I do if I join the army?
Right! Shall we play soccer?
When I go back to Korea, I'll tell my friends about it.
Okay. Bottoms up!
Bottoms up! Eat!
He’s finally coming out.
I only drank water to prevent this. Ah!
Okay.
Geeze!
It stinks. Geeze!
Manager Jin got caught at the airport?
Yes, he was holding a fake passport.
But the Mouru Police took him
instead of the American army or Interpol.
The Korean embassy
has requested to check his identity.
Someone wants to get his hands on Mr. Jin
while bribing the Mouru police chief.
Is it because of the diamonds?
Seriously, how much are these diamonds
worth?
Diamonds?
Elaborate.
On the day he came by the supply truck,
I saw him putting them in the safe box.
Supply truck?
The one that crosses the border?
Yes.
Mr. Jin made sure that he checked the supplies on the truck.
He had blood on his pants one day.
Ah, those diamonds were real?
That jerk!
I knew he was up to no good.
It’s suspicious. Why are you telling me this now?
I was busy going through a near-death experience, you know.
What did you expect?
It was because of the diamonds that
he wanted to enter his office so badly
when earthquake happened.
Right. That explains it.
How much would
these diamonds be worth?
I have a bad feeling about this.
In such case, An unidentified body
would be sent to the police station.
That body must be Mr. Jin.
This is a prelude to lots of paperwork.
I feel like I'll be doing that paperwork.
Where are you going? How much would these be worth?
They don't know anything.
We've looked everywhere but found nothing.
Did you really?
You didn't look through his stomach.
Bring the table.
Put your gun down.
Put your hands up.
Don't move!
If you do... you'll die this time.
Find the target.
The target is unharmed.
Must we leave the others behind?
We're going to
take our bad guy for now.
Alpha Team, retreat immediately!
Do the diamonds  you have belong to Argus?
Diamonds? What diamonds?
I was brought here in my underwear.
I have nothing.
Be honest.
I need to know what price tag Argus has put on your head.
I need to do some math as someone
who should save a jerk like you.
I'm in pain. Get me a doctor! Now!
Your doctor is here.
I think I found what you're looking for.
I don't think you can digest stones.
Did he swallow them?
You jerk, stop pretending that you're sick.
Breathing is shallow and pulse is weak.
I think the diamonds in his stomach have caused internal bleeding.
This is an emergency.
Please get the OR ready for an operation.
I called Dr. Song. Why are you here?
Dr. Song's feeling under the weather,
so I called Lieutenant Yoon.
I'll assist you in his stead.
His BP keeps dropping.
Let's get started.
I'm opening his stomach. Scalpel.
He's bleeding a lot.
By the way, why did he swallow the diamonds?
He did. We're about to see real blood diamonds.
It's a mess. Can you hold it?
Yes.
I'm sorry. I think I cut the wrong blood vessel.
I got it.
It's not a blood vessel
but a tumor on the lymph node.
He's bleeding because of the diamonds,
but what caused the lymphadenectasis?
He was coughing and had trouble breathing...
Everyone! Stop!
Step back from the operating table!
Now!
Coughing, dyspnea, hemorrhage of gastric mucous membrane,
and lymphadenectasis?
By all accounts,
he's showing
symptoms of viral febrile infection.
It looks like pernicious pestilence caused by the M type virus.
Until we know for sure,
we're going to close off this OR.
Everyone except Lieutenant Yoon and me
who have already contaminated
leaves the operating room.
What about the operation?
I guess you and I have to finish it up.
What's the M type virus?
Can you explain it to me?
It's a serious epidemic
monitored by the WHO.
We can find out if it's M2 or M3
through a PCR Test.
What's the difference?
M2 is a little worse than the flu.
M3 is a little better than Ebola.
No! It's dangerous.
You have to speak to them here.
Are you okay?
Are you sick?
It doesn't show that quickly.
We have to wait and see. She's drawing blood.
Yoon Myung Joo.
Still, I'm quite proud of you.
You got here faster
than you received
the package from the flight attendant.
Are you okay?
Wow! Did I scare you, Sergeant Seo Dae Young?
What can I do for you?
What do you want? Say anything.
Anything?
The heart that was drawn on the box...
Who drew it, the one on the right or the left?
The left. She was the one who acted cutesy.
Right. She acted very cutesy.
So you're someone
who gives an answer when I ask.
I don't think this is the time for jokes.
We're dead. We're definitely dead.
They think what we're saying is our will.
Don't look so serious, you two.
We're not going to die.
You won't.
It's ready.
But where can we find a hospital
that can run the PCR test around here?
The general hospital downtown won't be open until tomorrow morning.
There's a pathology lab on the US Army base
20 minutes away from here.
I'm not sure if they'll help us.
I think I can handle it.
I'll get a car ready.
Don't worry.
A virus outbreak is our problem, too.
His BP and pulse are stable.
We've done everything we could as surgeons.
What should we do now?
We need to wait for the results.
The patient's and ours.
The blood samples that you guys gave
is confirmed to be M3 virus.
Are you sure it's M3 virus?
The patient tested positive
and one of the two doctors
also tested positive.
Which one tested positive?
They're really blood diamonds.
They must be real, right?
How much are they worth?
We're the only ones who know how many.
Should we steal one each?
I didn't expect this from you.
You're so smart.
Are you crazy?
Get out!
I'm under quarantine.
It's me, isn't it?
-=Next Episode=-
Her good immune system might harm her.
What should we do now?
It seems that they have found out US Army’s plan
and got hold of our military force.
The situation what we have concerned finally arrived.
Lieutenant Yoon.
The vehicle that was
delivering medicine was hijacked.
Lieutenant Yoon's medicine was there as well.
No matter who stole the drugs, we must caught him.
Where is Dr. Kang? I couldn’t find her.
The local police came yesterday,
And they arrest  Fatima to the police office.
What did you talk just now?
This is Argus, over.
Let’s make a deal.